did some LED lights on my bike I used
these LED glow advanced mine color looks
like a light kit a little bit expensive
depending on how many light strips to
get there's a number if you want to
order song and installed a adt digital
conversion kit for my headlights I'm
running at hid 6000k will show you these
lights here
the lights are cool comes with the
keyless remote on this one I just keep
in the garage so I don't lose it
I got one that I mounted right here with
some velcro underneath so I can take it
off if I want to take it with me
somewhere to show you these lights real
quick I guess and you can change your
color or the lights it's got 12
different color options I'll run through
them all real quick I on this my 2004
GSXR 1000 I didn't mention that already
orange pink and you can also do we can
do strobe faster click it again and it's
really fast you can do fading in and out
on the colors and there's another option
where you can go to uh where it goes
through all the colors um this is my
bike maybe a little more lighting input
there we go
the headlight kid what I did is when I
mini grabs the light here never mind
don't have one but um when you mount
your HID kit I know it's dark down here
you can't see anything but what I did is
on the inside of my side fairings right
here I'm on at the two computer modulars
door about this long and about this wide
monitor them on here they came with 3m
double-sided tape and kind of hid them
the LED lights if anybody's interested
in doing it on it see let me get a solid
color here um I did did one right here I
did one right here on this side of the
fairing right right inside right here on
the edge um ran two on the front same
thing on this side did the same thing
and then I put one underneath the box
right there um if anybody's interested
in doing it um I ran my wires from the
front to right here
connected them together you can't hardly
see it ran in between this and ran it up
underneath the gas tank just lift your
gas tank up and then run them underneath
to underneath your seat and then just
connect them all together how are you
ever you want to do it it's your choice
I did it the best way I could to make it
really neat so the cables underneath my
seat aren't all clustered together I use
a zip ties and did it really really good
job and I think um again it comes with
two these keyless remotes they say about
a hundred feet I think or a hundred
yards on the distance where you can turn
it on having quite tested it yet but I'm
sure it works from that far away are
three Yoshimura if anybody's interested
in doing this this is awesome I would
turn it on but my kids asleep right now
um drill these rivet tell these are
new rivets but drill the old ones out
take this piece off which is a pain in
the ass I would suggest using the rubber
rubber mallet to hit right here on the
edge you'll have to kind of work it back
and forth down backing up and it is pain
in the ass to get out but what you want
to do if you want your bike to be a
little bit louder with this exhaust and
it runs a little bit better like I said
take this cap off once you draw these
rivets out take all the glass packing
out which will be on the outs outside on
on the inside but it will be on the
outside of your baffle take the glass
packing out take the baffle out and then
take it out of course the gloss packing
and then put your baffle back in you
don't want to in my opinion you don't
want to run it without the baffle it
sounds too it's too loud it has a really
distinct sounded with it with the baffle
it sounds super neat it's loud enough
plenty loud you can definitely hear me
coming miles away but it's not so loud
if you're just cruising around but when
you get on the gas people definitely
know you're around um other than that
heck I don't mat she's pretty well
stocked besides a Power Commander and
waiting on my the rest of my parts I got
some flush mount blinkers coming for to
replace these blinkers um I bought a kit
for my rear rear blinkers to where it's
computer running the blinkers and it's
just built in like that um I got rid of
these wankers on the side I didn't like
those song I'm gonna get rid of these
front ones too but I'm all yeah the
headlight um that's the 6000k hid um
super-bright it's on right there you go
take some in affirm the warm up and I
still I need to adjust the height of the
headlights but they are super bright a
lot of compliments from other people
forum
same with the lights on the outside of
course with the lights like that and
here I can turn lights off in the garage
so you guys can kind of see a little bit
better of what it looks like that's what
it looks like riding around you can
choose different colors of course I
didn't want to go over the top with the
lights that's the part where it goes
through all the colors the setting and
go back to a solid color lot of
compliments for it isn't overwhelmed
whelmingly with the lights not too many
lights just enough to stand out looks
good in my opinion
um that's that so you guys have any
questions on how I hoped my HID lights
up where they exactly put the computers
and how to wire it and with LED lights
if you got any questions just don't be
afraid to ask if you want to help out
anybody so on that note you guys have a
good one